Readme files for codes without one (#2)
shuttle-hq/shuttle-examples: poem/todo-postgres/README.md

# Postgres with Poem

> The following example is to present a way to use [poem](https://docs.rs/poem/latest/poem/) framework and devlop a relational database for a TODO app using [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/).
> This app uses the `shuttle service` attribute and `sqlx` to build a database and define its CRUD operations.

Reviewer: This is good, but not completely accurate. We're showing how to develop an application that *uses* a postgres database, we're not developing a database. 
```suggestion
This example shows how to develop a [poem](https://docs.rs/poem/latest/poem/) application with a [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/) database, provisioned with shuttle.
```
